Create rule S6585: Don't hardcode the format provider when turning dates and times to string (#1743)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6585/how.adoc

> Instead of hardcoding the format, use an `IFormatProvider` from the `CultureInfo` class to fix this issue.

Reviewer: The `CultureInfo` is implementing the `IFormatProvider` - so maybe it's better to rephrase this a bit

```suggestion
Instead of hardcoding the format, provide one from the available formats through the `CultureInfo` class.
```
